below the upper atmosphere great clouds
of water grow
lightning 10,000 times more powerful
than on earth
illuminates the sky
this lightening transforms methane gas
into huge clouds of soot
deeper still the pressures grow so great
that these chunks of soot are likely
transformed into diamonds but even these
diamonds will succumb to the pressures
of Saturn eventually liquefying
it's not until forty thousand kilometres
down that the major source of Saturn's
energy is revealed here pressures are so
intense gases behave like liquid metal
molds and helium falls like rain through
hydrogen and release is incredible
amounts of heat
and we think that this is the
extraordinary heat source that has been
helping to drive Saturn's weather
[Music]
you